Crow
Huo Yiyan's younger brother led someone to hit Zhang Kuishou
Shen Crow gave me the urn
You kneel down and apologize to Yu Yan
For your grandfather's sake
Just forgive you once
You shoot Yangtze
Zhang Guishou has already knelt
What are you humming to me?
What are you talking to the beast?
younger brother
Grab the urn from his hand
Break his leg
Little beast
You were inexpensive to my sister five years ago
Escaped in prison
Today, I will let you know
What happened to the origin?
Stop dad
The crow finds out that grandpa was murdered
Also found grandpa's urn
But you still have to do something to him
Are you not afraid that grandpa will not be at ease in Tianchi?
I don't care about the old man's peace of mind
Give me a call to insult grandpa and learn from disaster
Brother, you beat them up
Bajie brothers
The above is if I am more concerned than my grandfather
Everyone is good
For this
It turns out that your Shen family is not holding a funeral
It's a gang fight
It seems that he doesn't pay attention to me Wei